That's me. Jane Quimby.
My life is a little
complicated right now.
I landed
my fashion dream job
working for her,
Gray Chandler Murray.
The only problem,
they think I'm an adult.
Now I am juggling
two secret lives,
one in high school
and one in high fashion.
ALL: Surprise!
I guess not everyone
forgot about your birthday.
Had a lot of fun
hanging out with you.
I think you're great.
I wanna do it again.
It wasn't India.
It was me.
I gave our
secrets to Beau.
Wait a minute.
Is that...
Amanda Clark.
Ben!
She was our prom queen.
BILLY: This is Zoe.
That's Jane.
I feel like
we've pretty much met.
Mom?
Happy birthday, Jane.
I can't believe
you let her spend
the night here.
Seriously,
why would you do that?
Well, for starters,
she's our mother.
Only in the very
loosest definition
of the word.
So, I heard
you two chatting
in your room last night.
What'd she say?
Where's she been?
Well, I tried to talk
to her about that and...
And?
And she reminded me
it was a school night
and I should probably
get to bed.
How long is she staying?
She was a little
vague about that.
Did she say
why she's back?
She also avoided that.
Great! So you got nothing!
Well done, Nancy Drew.
Where are you going?
To get some answers.
Look, I want to know
what's going on, too.
But she just got here,
and I don't wanna
scare her off.
Oh, I'm fine with that.
Well, I'm not.
I just want to
get to know her, Ben.
Jane...
I mean it!
The whole drama
with Jeremy at work has
got me so stressed out, I...
Just do me a favor
and try and be nice.
Please, please,
try and be nice
to her. Okay?
And don't drive her away.
(SIGHS) It's too late.
Look what you did, Ben.
Me?
Yeah, you! Are you happy?
She's gone now.
Frankly, that's longer
than I thought she'd stay.
Hey, sleepy heads.
Couldn't find
the mixing bowl.
Somebody moved it.
Yeah, eight years ago.
So, what're you
doing, Mom?
Making breakfast.
When you two were little
I couldn't make flapjacks
fast enough.
Any takers?
Me! I would love some.
How about you, Ben?
I'll put chocolate chips
in them.
I'll pass.
Oh, Mom this is cute.
Is this your espresso pot?
I got it when
I lived in Italy.
Italy! That sounds exciting.
Oh, it was.
For a while.
I worked at a winery.
Um, there was this guy.
But things got complicated.
Really? So what happened?
Later.
Right now I need to
get you two fed
and off to school.
Any idea where
I might find a spatula?
Here.
We moved the utensils
back in 2008,
you were probably
stomping grapes
in Tuscany.
He's not really
a morning person.
* I've my heart where
my head should be
* Light up the rest of me
* 'Cause your dreams,
they won't fall apart
* Through the stops,
the starts
* And life is a work of art
* Stepping from the path
* A love affair
* Tripping there and back
* I need you though
* I need you less
* Sitting near the window
* I see it all
* Calling from the shadows
* I can not fall
I can not
* Trip on, trip on
the light, the light's
in you
* Switch on
Switch on...
ThanNo problem.ride.
So... I waSo?hinking...
What are you doing
after school?
What did you have in mind?
I don't know.
How does hanging out sound?
Get something to eat,
maybe see a movie.
A date? With you?
No! No, no, no.
With this other guy
that I know that I think
you might like.
Oh, yeah? Is he cute?
Well, it depends
on your type.
I kinda like a guy
with his own style,
smart, a little punky.
I'm a sucker
for green eyes, too.
Is that your mom?
We should get going.
We don't want to be
late for school, right?
Okay.
* Looking close at danger
* I've seen it all
I've seen it all
* Looking close
at strangers... *
Good morning.
(GASPS)
Good morning, Jenkins!
Have you heard the news?
News?
Whitemarsh High
has finally scored
its very own
drama teacher.
The lovely,
the talented
Amanda Clark.
(INAUDIBLE)
You've gotta be
kidding me.
Hey.
You okay?
Actually... I'm not.
You're never gonna
guess who's back.
Ugh, I know.
How do you know?
How could I miss her.
How long do you think
she'll stick around?
I thought she'd be
gone by now.
Me, too.
To be honest,
I thought you'd be
happy she was back.
No way. I can't believe
I was ever
inside that woman...
What?
I'm saying,
I can't believe she
carried me for nine months.
Wait. Who are you
talking about?
And then there was
that time at the ashram.
Oh, all that meditating
was such a drag.
Oh, and I also worked
as a roadie for Whitesnake.
Who?
Hair band. From the '80s.
And they're still touring?
Well, it was a cover band.
But they were awesome.
And so all this
was just last year?
Oh, give or take
a few months.
The school looks the same.
Oh, that bench,
right there,
that's where
your father and I
had our first kiss.
Aw, your first kiss?
Well, it wasn't
my first kiss.
I was pretty popular
in high school.
What can I say?
The boobs came in early
and I stayed out late.
(CHUCKLES)
Speaking of boys,
anyone special
in your life?
Uh, well, I guess
there is this one guy.
His name is Eli.
And he's cute.
Yummy cute
or baby-face cute?
DefinitMmm-hmm.y cute.
But the thing is,
we've only been out on
a sort of fake date so far.
Fake date?
Well, it's a long story.
He was supposed to
ask me out on a real date,
he hasn't asked me yet
and now I don't know
if I should...
Ask him.
It's 2012, kiddo!
ReMmm.?
This is nice.
Talking to you
about boys and stuff.
Sometimes it's really hard
to talk to Ben
about these things.
I can't tell you
how many times I wished
you were here for me
to talk to.
Mmm-hmm.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
Billy Nutter?
Is that you?
It is, isn't it?
Oh, I'd recognize
that face anywhere.
So handsome.
Such a good face.
Oh, I'm so glad to see you
turned out well.
I was worried
you might end up
in prison or something.
Come to dinner tonight.
You'll come, right?
I'll see you
at dinner, okay?
Whoa! Was that...
Yes. It was.
When exactly were you
planning on telling me
that your mom came back?
It just happened
last night.
Did she say
why she came back?
Nope.
Did she sayNo.y she left?
Did you ask her anything?
Ugh! What, did you
and Ben get together
and compare notes?
Give it a rest!
And besides,
you've been
busy lately,
using my car, driving
other people around.
I'm glad she did come.
Otherwise,
I would still be hobbling
to school in my high heels.
Okay. Somebody's touchy today.
(BELL RINGING)
Man, first Jeremy
drops that bomb on you
and now your mom just
appears out of nowhere.
No wonder you've been
such a raging...
Pretty, pretty girl.
What am I gonna do
about work?
I have no idea
how to handle this!
Yeah. I'd be more concerned
about running into India.
Aren't you the one
who got her sacked?
Yes, but in my defense,
she looked
really, really guilty.
But she really,
really wasn't.
(SIGHS) You're missing
the point here.
Jeremy bad. Me good.
(SIGHS) What am I doing?
I'm a teenager! This is crazy
I shouldn't be dealing
with corporate espionage,
I should be choosing
my filter on Instagram.
(LAUGHS)
Heads up, people.
Pop quiz in World History.
Or studying for that!
I didn't even study for that!
Thank you
for the warning.
And also,
that is a great jacket.
Thanks. You know that
thrift store on Park Street?
(CHUCKLES) Know it?
The amount of times
I've watched this girl
try on dresses there.
I have a tiny
vintage obsession.
Me too!
I make it my mission in life
not to spend more than
like ten dollars on anything.
Whoa! Except for that,
of course. It's gorgeous.
Oh, this?
It's just a knock-off.
Anyway, I gotta
get to class.
I'll see you guys.
Hmm.
"Hmm." What?
I'd love to have
that bracelet, but
it's like 1000 dollars.
She just said
it was a knock-off.
Uh, no, that was
very much real.
I know my Hermes.
Gray has one that
I've been coveting
for months.
No way. Zoe has,
like, zero money.
You should see
where she lives.
How would she get
1000 dollars
for a bracelet?
I don't know,
but it's definitely not
from the thrift store.
What are you implying?
I'm not implying anything.
What, like she stole it?
(SCOFFS) Billy, relax.
I like Zoe.
All I'm saying is
the bracelet's real.
Wherever she got it from
is none of my business.
What was that about?
I'm going to need
a little more to go on.
This morning? Mom?
You said you were
gonna try and be nice.
I tried. I failed.
I've come to terms with it.
Stop trying
to make her leave.
Her leaving is inevitable.
But what about you?
You're treating this
like she just got back
from the grocery store.
I am not!
This is Kate Quimby
we're talking about.
She's completely
unpredictable.
You don't remember
what she's like, Jane.
My point exactly.
I want to
get to know her, Ben.
And I know it was
killing you not to eat
those pancakes. So there!
Not fair!
(PAPER RUSTLING)
What the...
It's a cool idea, huh?
A modernization of
Cinderella.
I workshopped it in LA.
It had a lot of heat
out there.
But instead you brought it
to Whitemarsh High School.
How generous.
I know.
Ooh, there he is.
I've been looking
for Ben all day!
Mmm-mmm-mmm.
I'm gonna tear that up.
Hey. HoHey.e you?
I'm gonna tear this up!
What are you
still working on?
The Harrods presentation
is tonight.
Why aren't you done?
Good morning
to you, too, India.
We're only presenting
three things
from the capsule
collection tonight.
You've apMmm.ed two...
I'm just putting
the final touches
on the third.
So where is it?
I'm having a little trouble
concentrating lately.
What with all the blackmail!
Well, maybe you should've
thought of that earlier.
And what were you thinking
with that little outburst
of yours last night?
I'm not gonna let you
ruin my plans with some
half-cocked confession.
About that, I may or may not
have confessed it all
to Jane last night.
Well, which is it?
I think I did.
Why would you do that?
You locked me
in a closet, India!
I was under
a lot of pressure,
I'd had a bit to drink,
and then,
Jane found me...
You make this right, Jeremy.
Or I will take you down.
Oh. Hey.
It's pretty wild
being back here, right?
It can be a little
strange sometimes.
I know, I keep expecting
to see people that
we went to school with.
Yeah. That'll wear off.
Well, listen.
I didn't plan this,
but word got out
that I'm back,
and some of the old gang
is getting together tonight
at The Rack. You in?
I don't know.
I kind of have a lot
going on right now.
Oh, come on.
Everyone's going.
It's gonna be like
a little reunion, you know.
Courtney.
Kelly Spazderski.
(LAUGHS)
Spaz! How is she?
Still spazzy.
I even heard that
Thin Johnny
will be there.
So, come on,
you know you want to.
Will you excuse me,
for a minute, Amanda?
I've got to take care
of something.
What are you doing here?
I thought the three of us
could have lunch.
Where's Jane?
Hey, Mrs. Quimby.
Oh, Billy, please,
call me Kate.
Mrs. Quimby sounds like
somebody's mother.
And we wouldn't want
anyone to get that
impression, would we?
Okay, Kate.
I have work to do.
Have a good day.
What about lunch?
Great idea.
Except I ate already,
and Jane leaves
early every day
for her internship.
Which you would know
if you'd been around.
Wait, Jane leaves this early?
Is that a good idea?
She's probably
missing so much...
Are you honestly
giving me parenting
advice right now?
I've managed pretty well
since you left.
Speaking of which,
when will you be?
Leaving? Again?
Okay. You obviously
have some hostility
towards me.
Obviously. Now,
answer the question.
How long?
I don't know.
I'd like to stay as
long as I'm welcome.
I just want to
spend time with you.
What happened?
With that guy?
The complicated
relationship?
It was nothing. It ended.
It's no big deal.
Let me guess.
You ended it, right?
'Cause that's
sort of your M.O.
Things get complicated
and you run?
You need to go
before Jane realizes
this is just a pit stop.
Don't you at least think
Jane deserves a chance
to know me?
You have until
the end of the week.
And then I want you gone.
Well, don't forget!
Family dinner tonight!
Lasagna!
Thanks, but no thanks.
I've got plans
and Jane works late.
JEREMY: Jane!
Sorry. I didn't
mean to scare you.
Can we talk?
I'm kinda busy...
It's just I woke up
this morning with
a terrible hangover
and a vague recollection
of telling you something.
How could you?
So, I did tell you?
I looked up to you.
I admired you.
Don't... Don't look
at me that way.
How else am I supposed
to look at you?
Why would you
do that to us? To Gray?
You don't understand.
And India!
You stood there and watched
as I got her fired
for something that you did.
I made a mistake.
A mistake? A mistake is
dropping a stitch,
it's not selling out
your entire company.
You're right.
But if you would
just let me explain...
No, don't! It's not me
you need to explain to.
It's Gray.
Jane, I don't think
you're handling this
like an adult!
Not everything is
so black and white.
Tell her!
I have a lot of work to do
before the reveal of the
Harrods sneak peek tonight.
I don't care.
You tell Gray.
Or I will.
Jane, have you seen Jeremy?
Unfortunately.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Nothing.
I haven't seen him
since this morning.
Did you call him?
Of course I called him.
He's not picking up.
And Gray's asking
to see those samples now.
Maybe he just took
an early lunch.
He took all the designs
with him.
To lunch?
I don't think he's at lunch.
The designs are gone?
All of them.
The entire line.
Oh, yes.
(WHISPERS)
This is not good.
This is a disaster.
But the Harrods people
are going to be here tonight.
And we have
nothing to present.
Unless we can find Jeremy.
(DOG BARKING)
Good afternoon, Miss.
Jeremy Jones
lives here, right?
I can't disclose
that information.
You can't? Why not?
It's the rules.
Doorman rules?
Door person.
(SIGHS)
Jeffrey! Oh.
You're the Jeffrey.
You're not at all
what I pictured from
Jeremy's description of you.
What did he say
about me?
Ha! You just
confirmed he lives here!
Now, please let me in,
so that I can talk to him.
He left two hours ago.
I put him in a cab to JFK.
No, no, no.
Go, go, boys!
Pick it up! Pick it up!
Hey, Coach.
You're late.
You better get out there.
What's that thing on your arm?
It's a sling.
I know it's a sling.
Please tell me
it's a joke.
Yeah, I wish.
I went to see
the doctor this morning.
Apparently, I have
a torn ligament
in my shoulder.
Uh, it's gonna be okay.
Is it? Because
he said that I might not
be able to pitch again.
This season?
Ever.
Eli! I need your help.
Hey! Do you know
where Jeremy is?
That is why
I need your help.
You want me
to help you
look for Jeremy?
No. Uh...
He is unavailable
at the moment.
He's unavailable.
And we don't have
his sketches or patterns
for the Harrods
collaboration.
Any of them.
Wait. But the Harrods
party is tonight.
Yes, I'm very much
aware of that.
No. And she can't know.
Because?
I might have been
responsible for why
Jeremy left so suddenly,
and I really can't tell
Gray right now
we don't have time.
So, can you just go with me
on this and help, please?
Of course.
What do you need?
Okay. Well, some of
your designs were used
in the collection, right?
Uh, early on.
But then they were
incorporated into
Jeremy's ideas.
Okay. Well, how much do you
remember those ideas?
Not much. Jeremy hasn't
exactly welcomed me
with open arms.
Not necessarily.
You're forgetting
there's one person
that closely supervised
the entire line.
Uh... Hey, India.
You know what,
I haven't had
a chance to tell you
how much I like
your new do.
It's super sassy,
and it frames
your face perfectly.
No.
I haven't even
asked you anything yet.
Then I'm saving you
the trouble.
Where'd he go?
Nobody knows.
He disappeared.
He took all the Harrods
designs with him.
Even more alarming
is the fact that
all three patterns are gone.
Why would he do that?
India. I know.
Jeremy told me everything.
I know it wasn't you.
You never gave
our designs to Beau.
And I tried to make
things right by
giving him an ultimatum,
tell Gray or I would.
And so he bolted.
And now I need your help.
Let's re-cap.
You screwed me over,
got me fired,
and now you're asking me
to help you save the day?
If that's an apology,
it's gonna need
a lot of work.
I'm sorry. I am.
And I wouldn't blame you
if you didn't forgive me,
but you're the only person
who knows Jeremy's designs
well enough to
recreate them by tonight.
(LAUGHS) Oh, Jane.
Oh, God. I love to
watch you squirm.
Good. Enjoy.
Go crazy. I deserve it.
But your job
is on the line, too.
Oh, yeah?
How did you come up with
that brilliant conclusion?
Your new bosses are
going to be here tonight
for a preview of a line that
you've been supervising.
And something tells me
that when they get here
and realize that
there is nothing
for them to preview,
Donovan Decker
won't be the only one
with their head
on the chopping block.
I hate you, Jane.
No. It's all wrong.
Look, I told you,
we only saw
part of the design.
What about the
cropped jacket?
You said you hated
the cropped jacket.
I lied. I wanted you guys
to work the weekend.
But this... This is terrible.
Look, we're trying.
Obviously not hard enough.
What's this? I thought
the patterns were sent
for cutting and sewing.
Where is Jeremy?
He went home sick
with the flu.
We're just making
a few little adjustments
to Jeremy's patterns,
per some last minute
requests from Harrods.
Very minor.
Fine. As long as you
make the deadline.
Oh, and Jane,
the next time something
like this happens,
don't keep it from me.
Understood?
Yes, of course.
So where is
Jeremy really?
He's very sick.
Really?
He will be when
I'm done with him.
Okay! Let's get to work.
* So hot now
* More glam
You superstar
* More songs
Sing the melody
* More beats
Dee-dee-dee-dee
* I love it
* I'm always thinking of it
* La, la, la, la, la
* La, la, la, la, la, la
* Oh, yeah
HeyHey.n.
You're here kinda late.
Just getting
caught up on some work.
Can't those wait
until tomorrow?
Somebody's gotta do it.
You're avoiding your mom.
That, too.
You know, just because
we're taking a break,
doesn't mean we can't talk.
I'm right here.
Next door.
Happy to listen
I know what she's doing.
She's gonna be all fun
and charming and funny,
and then she's
just gonna leave.
And I don't want her
to hurt Jane.
And maybe you don't
want to get hurt again?
Why don't we
get out of here?
Get your mind off things,
maybe grab a bite to eat?
Actually, Amanda's
getting some of the old gang
together at The Rack tonight.
Wanna come?
I'll pass. I just
remembered I have to
re-grout my bathroom.
Bull's-eye!
And that's game.
Oh, come on!
You're cheating.
How am I cheating?
You've clearly played
darts before.
Since when is
being good at
something cheating?
Since right now.
That's when. Okay?
(EXHALES)
Oh, look at you!
Getting better.
This time you missed
the busboy
but you actually
made it into the wall!
Ha! All right. All right.
All right. Fine.
Since you're so good,
how about a little lesson?
You sure your ego
can handle that?
Bring it on.
All right.
First, let me
see your stance.
Come on,
take it seriously!
(LAUGHS)
Legs apart.
Remember, it's all
in the wrist, arm up.
Now, go.
(EXCLAIMSYeah!MPHANTLY)
Ooh!
What's wrong?
Oh, it's just your bracelet.
Where'd you get it again?
I don't know, some
thrift store downtown,
I don't remember.
Do you want
to try it again?
Nah. I think I'm done.
We almost did it.
We've got 20 minutes
to get all of these
patterns cut and sewn.
What's wrong?
(LOUD LAUGHTER)
Can you take these
to Carter?
Because, believe it or not,
I have a bigger emergency
to attend to!
Sure.
So that's why I stopped
working for congressmen!
Mom! What are you
doing here?
Oh, Jane your mother
is hysterical!
Is she? I mean,
sure, she is.
Did the patterns
get in on time?
Yes. Yes, they did.
Isn't it amazing
that Jane volunteers
so much time here.
Is that what you call it?
No, no. It's just that
it is so much fun.
And it feels like
volunteering.
Like it's not even work.
And to think
my little girl...
Who's not so
little anymore.
Is balancing work
and high...
And a high maintenance
lifestyle. It's crazy.
Sorry, Gray.
Do you mind
if I borrow her
for just one minute.
So sorry, Gray.
Just one second.
What are you doing here?
Ben said you were
gonna be working late,
so I brought you dinner.
It's on your desk.
A lasagna.
For 20. Share it
with the office.
Oh, honey, I can't believe
this is where you intern...
Oh, Mom, shh.
Stop talking.
I need to
tell you something.
They think
you're how old?
I know, I know.
But I promise...
But Jane...
I know what you're thinking.
That that would
make me the mother
of a 25 year-old!
Mom, you are the mother
of a 25-year-old.
They don't know that!
Look, I appreciate you
coming down here,
and bringing dinner,
for everyone,
but there's just a few things
I have to do before
I come home. Okay?
I completely understand.
You're working.
Illegally.
I get it.
Trust me, I get it.
There was this
one time in Bogata...
Okay, Mom, not now...
Oh, good,
you're still here.
Oh, she was
just leaving.
Gray, it was
a pleasure to meet you.
Likewise.
Oh, this was so much fun
but there's a lot we have
to do before the party.
Party?
Yes! Why don't you join us?
I'd love to!
Oh, she can't,
she really...
We'll see you at 8:00.
Mom, I don't know
if it's a good idea for you
to come to the party tonight.
Why not?
Your boss just invited me.
Well, it's just...
It's a professional
work thing...
Jane, you don't
have to worry.
I promise,
I'll be like a fly
on the wall.
You won't even know
I'm there.
* Here I go, again on my own
* Going down the only road
I've ever known *
(ALL APPLAUDING)
Mom, what are you doing?
An encore.
Yeah, about that.
What happened to
"fly on the wall?"
I'm sorry.
Did I embarrass you?
No, of course not.
I mean, it was
a little awkward when
you sang The Bitch Is Back.
Oh. Totally agree.
That's a hard number
to pull off without drums.
This isn't about
percussion, Mom.
This is an important night
for Donovan Decker.
And the stakes are very high.
Exactly.
And everybody's so tense.
That's why I was trying
to lighten things up.
Is something else
bothering you?
No. No, I'm just on edge.
It's been a tense day,
and We really need
the Harrods people
to love this line.
I don't mean to
take things out on you.
Oh, don't worry
about me.
The last thing
I want to do is
cause you any stress.
ELI: Jane,
you never told me
what an entertaining
mother you have.
Hi, I'm Eli.
"Fake Date" Eli?
You're right, Jane.
Yummy!
Mom, not now.
Did you do that thing
we talNo. about?
What thing was that?
Oh. She's being shy.
I can read this.
He'll say yes.
Whatever it is,
I'm in.
Ooh, I'm gonna
get a drink.
GRAY: May I have your
attention, please?
Donovan Decker is
excited to present
its menswear collaboration
with Harrods for spring.
We're pleased to offer you
a sneak peek today
of what we believe
will be trending
tomorrow. Enjoy!
(ALL APPLAUDING)
Listen to that applause.
That's a good thing, right?
I don't know.
Look at the people
from Harrods.
They're notorious for
keeping their opinions
close to the vest.
Oh, my God!
They're clapping!
And smiling!
I've never seen them
do that before.
They love it!
I can't believe
I'm going to say this,
but we make a good team.
Yeah, we do.
Now, if you'll excuse me
I'm gonna go take credit
for everything. Hi!
(SIGHS)
So, thanks for a nice night.
Yeah, sure.
Is everything okay?
Something
you wanna talk about?
No. I'm good.
Anyway, I'll see you around.
Okay. See ya.
* You walked in
And it was sweet sunshine
* I wanted to hold your hand
All the time
* I picked you
My favorite flower
* We smiled so much
Our cheeks hurt for hours
* Tomorrow came different
And tomorrow came soon
* You called me over
to see your room
* When I walked in
You bumped my head
* The blood ran pretty
All over your bed
* Stu-stu-stupid pretty girl
* Came around
And ruined my world
* You set my head on fire
* Pushed me down
and called me a liar
* Stu-stu-stupid pretty girl
* Came around
And ruined my world
* You set my hair on fire
* Pushed me down
And called me a liar
* Baby, baby,
Why you treat me so bad?
* Can't you see that
It makes me sad? *
Can you believe it?
We did it.
Yep. We did it.
Don't do any cartwheels.
Sorry. It's just difficult
for me to maintain
my excitement
about avoiding
the truth all day.
I, for one, thought
those models looked
so fabulous.
Would you excuse me
for a moment?
I love what you have on.
Who are you wearing?
Oh! Kate Quimby!
I make most of
my clothes myself.
Well, you have
quite the flair.
I can see where
Jane gets her
penchant for design.
It's in the genes.
Well, I can tell you
what's not in the genes,
a responsible work ethic.
That has to be taught.
And you have done
a wonderful job
raising your daughter.
Thank you.
I did my best.
BILLY: (WHISPERS) Zoe!
Billy. What are you
doing here?
Saving you from trouble.
Now, come on.
You do not need to do this.
Do what?
I get it.
You want nice things.
Okay? We all do.
But this is not
how you do it.
Now, let's get out
of here before we
trip a motion detector!
Billy... Let me explain, okay?
No, let me explain.
I've been to juvie.
You do not want to go there.
You've got to turn
your life around.
You're gonna start
by returning that bracelet
to whoever owns it! Okay?
Why... Why do these people
have a picture of you
riding a horse?
This is my house, Billy.
I live here.
Wait. So, the bracelet,
it... It's yours?
Yes. The bracelet's mine.
Okay? My family's rich.
In fact, filthy.
We have a tennis court,
an indoor pool, and a butler.
His name is Bert
and we call him Walter.
That doesn't even
make sense.
It doesn't have to.
We're loaded. Okay?
So, go ahead.
Hate my guts.
Why lie about it?
Because of Lulu.
Lulu?
You kept saying
how she was
rich and spoiled,
and how you'd never
make that mistake again.
How she wasn't like "us".
And the more I liked you,
the more I wanted to stay
in the "us" zone, you know?
Because the truth is, Billy,
I really like you.
And I really like
the idea of "us".
Well, why didn't you
just say that?
C'mon! There you go.
Yay!
I can't believe
Thin Johnny can
still drink like that!
I can't believe we're still
calling him Thin Johnny.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, Ben, I forgot
how funny you are.
So, I'm kind of
embarrassed to say this,
but, you know,
I had a crush on you
in high school?
You did not.
Oh, I totally did.
Don't pretend
you didn't know that.
I'm not pretending.
It's just... You were
going out with Jason...
McCYeah.ter.
So, what happened there?
We broke up
right before
graduation, remember?
I thought,
I don't know,
I thought maybe
you and I could get
together before college.
But I was too late.
You were already
dating Jenny.
Right. God, seems like
such a long time ago.
Feels like just
yesterday to me.
Not to me. You know,
a lot has happened since
we graduated high school.
Oh, no. Don't tell me
I'm too late again?
Because Rita Shaw
told me that you're single.
She told you that?
Yep. Isn't that true?
Well, there was someone
and we broke up.
But to be honest,
I'm not
entirely sure
I'm over her just yet.
Hey, Rita.
Hi, Rita, what are
you doing here?
Same as you.
When Ben invited me to
meet up with the old gang,
how could I refuse?
Oh, well the old gang
is right over there.
So you should just
head on over,
see if they can
recognize you without
all that head gear.
I'm good. But I'd be
better with a drink.
Ben, white wine?
Yeah, Ben,
I would love another red.
Happy to oblige.
Forget what I said before.
Ben Quimby is mine,
so back off.
You had your chance.
It's my turn now.
Game on.
Game already started.
And it's too bad
you're sitting on the bench.
Ladies.
Why the long face?
You should be celebrating.
Gray said it herself,
this party is
a huge success.
You did an amazing job!
No, it only looks like
I did an amazing job.
Just like
you made it look like
you did an amazing job
raising me, tonight.
Isn't that what
you told Gray?
Why did you
leave us, Mom?
Why did you leave
and not come back?
This isn't exactly the time.
I have a feeling it's never
gonna be the right time
with you. Right, Mom?
But, me? I'm done
covering up the truth.
I've been doing it all day.
Now if you'll excuse me,
there's something
I have to make right.
Gray, can I just say,
you look simply divine
this evening.
I love what
you are wearing.
You mean it?
You're not going to rip me on
the Fashion Police later on?
Who me? Of course not.
But who are we kidding?
You know I will.
Gray, I need to
talk to you.
It can wait, Jane.
Actually, it can't.
It's okay, Gray.
I'll catch you later.
This better be good.
Actually, it's bad.
Jeremy's not home sick,
he disappeared
with the designs
from Harrods.
All of them.
I found out Jeremy
was the mole.
He was the one giving
our designs to Beau,
not India.
And instead of
telling you myself,
I waited for him to admit it.
And he vanished.
I'm sorry.
I should've
told you sooner.
And if you decide
to fire me because
of it, I'll understand.
Where is she?
She's in her room,
crying her eyes out.
I want to go talk to her.
She doesn't want
to talk to you.
I can talk for myself, Ben.
Actually, I think
it's my turn to talk.
You asked me tonight
why I left.
I could tell you
it was because I was
too young to be a mom,
I felt overwhelmed,
your father was
a better parent
than I was...
I could go on and on
about all that,
but there is no excuse
for what I did.
So, if it's okay,
I would rather talk
about why I'm back.
All I want to do is
get to know you.
Both of you.
Listen, I'm the first
to admit, I am...
...never gonna win a
"Mother of the Year" award.
You could say that again.
Ben.
But I promise you,
I swear,
if you give me
this opportunity,
I will not let you down.
We'll start fresh.
And if I do it right,
some day when you
call me "Mom",
it will feel earned.
But if that doesn't
fly with you,
I can still pack my bags
and be gone in the morning.
I... I would like you to stay.
Fine.
But I'm not eating
your pancakes,
so stop pushing them.
(DOOR CLOSES)
He's not really
an evening person, either.